chainNue

medium

# retrieving `coolersFor` from `Factory.sol` will suddenly hit gas limit

## Summary
retrieving `coolersFor` from `Factory.sol` will suddenly hit gas limit thus we can't get the data.

## Vulnerability Detail
In `Factory.sol` there is an array of address which is publicly accessible, `coolersFor`. This array will store addresses of `Cooler` generated with the same `Collateral` and `Debt` ERC20 address from different users. Every time a new user generate a `Cooler` with a certain `Collateral` and `Debt`, the array will grow dynamically. 

There is a possible scenario where a popular pair of `Collateral` and `Debt` is being generated. For example, an wETH as `Collateral` and USDC as the `Debt`. If many people generate this pair, the array of `coolersFor` will also grow indefinitely. 

This `coolersFor` storage variable is not being used anywhere in any of contracts, not even a function to retrieve the range of it (for pagination). So, the only way around to retrieve is just directly fetch/call the `coolersFor`. This direct call will return all of entries in the array. Based on [code walkthrough](https://ag0.gitbook.io/cooler-loan-code-walkthrough/borrower-flow#creating-a-cooler) this `coolersFor` is going to be used in frontend.

As we know, accessing data in blockchain is limited by Gas. Thus, if the `coolersFor` array is growing to arbitrarily large data, then at some point we can't retrieve this data again, out of gas. This is medium issue, which will make protocol not working as expected, at some point.

## Impact

At some point, due to gas limit, the `coolersFor` will failed to be retrieved, thus information of `Cooler` address can not be fetched.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Factory.sol#L23
```solidity
File: Factory.sol
22:     // Mapping to query Coolers for Collateral-Debt pair
23:     mapping(ERC20 => mapping(ERC20 => address[])) public coolersFor;
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

If the `coolersFor` array will get to arbitrarily large data, it's a better idea to implement some sort of pagination to retrieve, rather than fetching it directly since `coolersFor` is a public state variable.

for example:
```solidity
function getCoolers(uint256 cursor, uint256 howMany)
    external
    view
    returns (address[] memory values, uint256 newCursor)
{
    uint256 length = howMany;
    if (length > coolersFor.length - cursor) {
        length = coolersFor.length - cursor;
    }

    values = new address[](length);
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < length; i++) {
        values[i] = coolersFor[cursor + i];
    }

    return (values, cursor + length);
}
```