Allarious

informational

# Informational bugs and suggestions

## Summary
Minor issues and suggestions found throughout the project.
Not valid for rewards, just informational.

## Issues

### Contract Wide Issues:

#### Cooler.sol 
Check throughout the function if the requestIDs and loanIDs actually exist, it should not be possible to call certain functions on the IDs that do not exist.
Add `totalCollat` variable to track the total amount of collateral available in the contract, to be able to run security checks when needed.
Add a `simulateClear` for off-chain usages, for the lenders to be able to see the outcome of a clear action:
```solidity
    error clearResult(requestID, amount, collateral, expiry, rollable, lender);
    function clearSimulation (uint256 reqID) external returns (uint256 loanID) {
        Request storage req = requests[reqID];

        factory.newEvent(reqID, CoolerFactory.Events.Clear);

        if (!req.active) 
            revert Deactivated();
        else req.active = false;

        uint256 interest = interestFor(req.amount, req.interest, req.duration);
        uint256 collat = collateralFor(req.amount, req.loanToCollateral);
        uint256 expiration = block.timestamp + req.duration;

        loanID = loans.length;

        revert clearResult(req, req.amount + interest, collat, expiration, true, msg.sender);
    }
```
Make a function for the owner so that he can take other types of tokens other than collateral and debt out.
There is a need of more events inside the function, almost every `external` function can emit an event. There are currently three.
Can load the needed set of fields inside `request` or `loan` struct with assembly to save gas.

### Line by line issues:

Cooler.sol, line 74: Add to the comments which inputs should have 18 decimal points.
Cooler.sol, line 74: Need to run checks on the inputs of the request. At least amount > 0, loanToCollateral > 0, duration > 0. Users should not be able to set a duration = 0, in that case they might add a high interest rate to trick lenders. And since interest rate is based on duration,borrowers will not pay any interest in the first place.
Cooler.sol, line 116: Keep a history of previous loans instead of deleting them, for query purposes.
Cooler.sol, line 116: Need to handle the payment bigger than `loan.amount`, currently it just underflows and reverts.
Cooler.sol line 169: There is no need for `else`.
Cooler.sol, line 172: As a safety measure, check to see if the `collat` is available in the contract before clearing.
Cooler.sol, line 202: revert as soon as possible to save gas.
Cooler.sol, line 213: Only save the `loans[loanID].lender` to save gas.

Factory.sol, line 26: Check for address zero collaterals

ClearingHouse.sol, line 118: It is mentioned in the docs that if the overseer and operator being the same address does not happen, it is possible to somehow fix the issue with a temp address. But it would be a good idea to avoid these problems by inheriting an standard contract that allows the use of `ROLES`, or just separate into several functions.

## Vulnerability Detail

## Impact

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To silence the warning: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L1

