chainNue

high

# Wrong calculation of the correct amount for collateral on `collateralFor()` function

## Summary

Wrongly calculate the correct amount of collateral in `collateralFor()` because of constant decimal. (the constant decimal 1e18 is wrongly used)

## Vulnerability Detail

When borrower want to request a loan, he will call `request()` function, which the borrower will transfer the collateral needed for the loan into the Cooler. Next we need to calculate the amount collateral needed.

According to [code walkthrough](https://ag0.gitbook.io/cooler-loan-code-walkthrough/borrower-flow#requesting-a-loan), 
> To calculate the amount of collateral needed, a public view function is called. 
```solidity
/// @notice compute collateral needed for loan amount at given loan to collateral ratio
function collateralFor(uint256 amount, uint256 loanToCollateral) public pure returns (uint256) {
    return amount * decimals / loanToCollateral;
}
```
> This function is quite simple, and just divides amount by loan to collateral (adjusting for decimals). For example, if loan amount is 1000 (DAI) and loan to collateral is 2000 DAI per gOHM, the math is: 1000 / 2000 = 0.5.

In the `collateralFor` function, decimals is being used, and it's a constant 1e18.

Since ERC20 tokens are not always 18 decimals, it's wrong to use the constant 1e18 as decimal. For example if collateral token is wBTC (8 decimals) and debt token is USDC (6 decimals) the calculation will be different.

for example, if assuming the `loanToCollateral` is 20.000 (USDC per wBTC) omitting the decimal differences for this `debt tokens per collateral token`, then the loan amount should be multiplied by decimal of collateral token which is 8 decimals (1e8), not 1e18.

The core issue here is the decimals.

## Impact

Miscalculation of amount collateral needed, which is fatal. for example if we're using `loanToCollateral` is 20.000 (USDC per wBTC), and assuming someone need to borrow 10.000 USDC, then the required collateral would be:
- current constant decimal = 0.5 x 1e18 
- actual need = 0.5 x 1e8 (if we use decimal from collateral)

Note that, the `collateralFor()` function is not only used in `request()` function but in other function, `rescind()`, `roll()`, `clear()`, so it will affect other things, this is why it's a high/critical issue.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L85
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L236-L238

```solidity
File: Cooler.sol
54:     uint256 private constant decimals = 1e18;

74:     function request (
75:         uint256 amount,
76:         uint256 interest,
77:         uint256 loanToCollateral,
78:         uint256 duration
79:     ) external returns (uint256 reqID) {
...
85:         collateral.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), collateralFor(amount, loanToCollateral));
86:     }

236:     function collateralFor(uint256 amount, uint256 loanToCollateral) public pure returns (uint256) {
237:         return amount * decimals / loanToCollateral;
238:     }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Replace the constant decimals in `collateralFor` function to decimal of collateral token
```solidity
236:     function collateralFor(uint256 amount, uint256 loanToCollateral) public pure returns (uint256) {
237:         return amount * collateral.decimals() / loanToCollateral;
238:     }
```