rvierdiiev

high

# Cooler.collateralFor supposes that both collateral and debt tokens have same decimal amount

## Summary
Cooler.collateralFor supposes that both collateral and debt tokens have same decimal amount. As result collateral amount is calculated incorrectly when it's not like that.
## Vulnerability Detail
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L236-L238
```solidity
    function collateralFor(uint256 amount, uint256 loanToCollateral) public pure returns (uint256) {
        return amount * decimals / loanToCollateral;
    }
```

This function has 2 params as input. `amount` that user wants to borrow, it is provided in loan token decimals. And `loanToCollateral` which shows ratio between debt and collateral tokens.

`loanToCollateral` is just exhange ratio between 2 currencies.

This is from docs, which describes how this function works
https://ag0.gitbook.io/cooler-loans/
> This function is quite simple, and just divides amount by loan to collateral (adjusting for decimals). For example, if loan amount is 1000 and loan to collateral is 2000 DAI per gOHM, the math is: 1000 / 2000 = 0.5.

So it looks like `loanToCollateral` is just ratio between currencies. For example for USDC and DAI it will be 1. And this value is scaled with `1e18`.

In case if debt and collateral tokens have same amount of decimals this works fine, but when it's not thruth then wrong amount of collateral tokens will be calculated.

If we take USDC/DAI for example with ratio 1*10^18, then function will calculate collateral amount same as lend amount and do not do any decimal converting.

As result all function that relies on `collateralFor` receive wrong amount.
## Impact
Collateral amount is calculated incorrectly when debt and collateral tokens have different decimal number.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L236-L238
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
You need to convert amount to collateral token precision.