zaskoh

high

# Not scaling tokens depending on their decimals will lead to wrong calculations

## Summary
If one of the tokens (collateral / debt) in `Cooler` is not 18 decimals the calculations in `Cooler.collateralFor` and `Cooler.interestFor` are wrong and lead to wrong token transfers.

## Vulnerability Detail

`Cooler` is using a fixed scale of **1e18** for calculations inside the functions **collateralFor** and **interestFor**. This will lead to problems, if one of the tokens is not using 18 decimals.

Example:
A Cooler is created with gOHM (collateral with 18 decimals) and USDC (debt with 6 decimals).
> https://ag0.gitbook.io/cooler-loan-code-walkthrough/borrower-flow#requesting-a-loan
For example, if loan amount is 1000 and loan to collateral is 2000 DAI per gOHM, the math is: 1000 / 2000 = 0.5.

The `Cooler.request` will then be created with `amount = 1000000000` (6 decimals for USDC = 1000 * 1e6) and `loanToCollateral = 2000000000000000000000` (18 decimals for gOHM = 2000 * 1e18).
```solidity
File: src/Cooler.sol
236:     function collateralFor(uint256 amount, uint256 loanToCollateral) public pure returns (uint256) {
236:         return amount * decimals / loanToCollateral;
236:     }
```

We expect now that 5000000000000000000 gOHM (0.5 gOHM) will be transfered from the borrower as collateral for the requested 1000 USDC, but the current implementation transfers 500000 gOHM (0,0000000000005).

The borrower has opened a Request for 1000 USDC with only 0,0000000000005 gOHM as collateral instead of 0.5 gOHM. Lenders that now accept the request will be in risk, as the collateral is wrong.

If it's the other way around with collateral = 6 decimals and debt = 18 decimals the amount that will be transfered from the borrower as collateral will be > 10**12 times bigger than it should and if it's picked up instantly by a lender the borrower will have lost that.

## Impact
If one of the tokens (collateral / debt) will have other than 18 decimals the calculation is off and either the borrower or the lender will loose money depending which of the tokens is different to 18 decimals.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/ohmzeus/Cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L236-L238
https://github.com/ohmzeus/Cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L245-L248

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Scale the tokens to match 18 decimals before calculation.

Example:
```solidity
uint256 private constant decimals = 1e18;
uint256 private immutable debtScale;
uint256 private immutable collatScale;

constructor (address o, ERC20 c, ERC20 d) {
    owner = o;
    collateral = c;
    collatScale = 10 ** (18 - c.decimals());
    debt = d;
    debtScale = 10 ** (18 - d.decimals());
    factory = CoolerFactory(msg.sender);
}

function collateralFor(uint256 amount, uint256 loanToCollateral) public view returns (uint256) {
    return (amount * debtScale) * decimals / (loanToCollateral * collatScale);
}
```

Also adapt the calculation inside `interestFor` to scale the amounts accordingly to the decimals.