kiki_dev

high

# Cooler.sol assumes all erc20 tokens are 18 decimals.

## Summary
Cooler.sol assumes all erc20 tokens are 18 decimals which is not always the case. USDC is a common example of this. 

## Vulnerability Detail
The problem is that in the `collateralFor()` function it multiplies `amount` by a constant `decimals` which is set to 1e18. The will lead to a variety of different issues such as the `request()` function potentially reverting on any pair that has a non 18 decimlas token as the collateral. It could also result in users requesting loans that they cannot possibly pay back. Resulting in loss of funds. 

In regards to the `request()` reverting let's say,
Alice wants to borrow 0.1 eth and plans on providing  300 usdc as collateral.
The `collateralFor()` function calculates Alices inputs
Instead of the function returning 3e8 (equivilent to 300 usdc) it returns 3e20. 
Unless alice has that much usdc in her wallet the function will revert. 


## Impact
No matter what if a erc20 token with less than 18 decimals is used as collateral the user will end up providing more collateral than anticipated potentially more than they can afford to pay back. If they cannot pay it back they will default and loose funds they did not agree to using as collateral. 

If a token with significantly less decimals than standard is used (e.g. USDC) than the pair would be virtually unusable due to `collateralFor()` consistently returning a value 1e12 bigger than excepted.  

In short becasue `decimals` is hard coded at 1e18:
A user can loose funds by proving more collateral than intended and possible to pay back. 
Pairs can become unusable due to insufficient funds when transferring unintended amount.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L54
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Do not assume all erc20 tokens are 18 decimals. Instead base calculations on the decimals of the erc20 tokens in the pair.
