neumo

high

# Quote and Collateral must have the same number of decimals for Cooler contract to work

## Summary
There is no conversion in the `Cooler` contract between the number of decimals of the quote token and the collateral token, so this could lead to Borrowers pledging orders of magnitude of collateral less/more than what they should to open a loan.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `Cooler` contract has a `decimals` variable hardcoded to 18 decimals:
```solidity
54: uint256 private constant decimals = 1e18;
```

And functions `collateralFor`, which is used to calculate the collateral, rely on this variable for this calculation, making the contract only compatible with 18 decimals debt and collateral tokens.
```solidity
236: function collateralFor(uint256 amount, uint256 loanToCollateral) public pure returns (uint256) {
237: 	return amount * decimals / loanToCollateral;
238: }
```

Furthermore, function `collateralFor` returns the amount of collateral converted from certain amount of quote tokens, but does not convert between decimals in the case they are different, it just uses the `loanToCollateral` parameter to convert between one another. So if the amount of decimals of both tokens don't match, the conversion will be wrong. This opens the issue of a Borrower requesting a loan and pledging much less (or much more) collateral than he should.

## Impact
High impact.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L53-L54
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L236-L238

## Tool used
Manual review.



## Recommendation
Update function `collateralFor` to return the amount of collateral in collateral decimals.

