ali_shehab

high

# The cooler contract does not support fee on transfer token

## Summary
Plenty of ERC20 tokens charge a fee for every transfer (e.g. Safemoon and its forks), in which the amount of token received is less than the amount being sent. 
## Vulnerability Detail

If a user added a fee on the transfer token as collateral and transfer them to the contract. The contract will add that the user added collateral with n amount however, the real amount he received is n-1 for example, which can cause the user to pay more interest on tokens that he did not have as it was burned or if the lender will see that there is n tokens as colletral but in reallity there is less than n-1 tokens.

## Impact

1. A user request with 100 tokens.
2. The collateral added is 99 tokens.
3. The user will pay a fee of 100 however, the user tokens are 99 and when he repays he will get less than 99.

There are other seniors for fees on transfer tokens.
1. User A added collateral with 100 tokens.
2. The contract receives 99 tokens.
3. The lender sees that there is a borrower requesting a loan with 100 tokens however the real actual tokens are 99.
4. He clears the loan but instead he will receive less than 99 tokens.
## Code Snippet
Here you can see that in the request it is adding directly loanToColletral without taking into consideration the fee on the transfer token,
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L83

```solidity
    function request (
        uint256 amount,
        uint256 interest,
        uint256 loanToCollateral,
        uint256 duration
    ) external returns (uint256 reqID) {
        reqID = requests.length;
        factory.newEvent(reqID, CoolerFactory.Events.Request);
        requests.push(
            Request(amount, interest, loanToCollateral, duration, true)
        );
        collateral.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), collateralFor(amount, loanToCollateral));
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
You can disallow using such tokens or else you must add considerations so that users will not be affected.

