zaskoh

medium

# DOS CoolerFactory.newEvent and Request[] public requests

## Summary
An unchecked amount in `Cooler.request` can be used to DOS the protocol with Events via the `CoolerFactory.newEvent` function and unneccessery growing of the `Request[] public requests` variable.

## Vulnerability Detail

Currently the `CoolerFactory.newEvent` function is protected to only accept calls from a valid deployed Cooler before an Event is emitted. The events are used in the protocol to consume off-chain and work with them and it's expected to only get valid events raised in the CoolerFactory contract.

```solidity
File: src/Factory.sol
42:     function newEvent (uint256 id, Events ev) external {
43:         require (created[msg.sender], "Only Created");
```

An attacker can deploy a valid Cooler via `CoolerFactory.generate` or just use any already deployed Cooler and then use the `Cooler.request` function to DOS the protocol.

```solidity
File: src/Cooler.sol
74:     function request (
75:         uint256 amount,
76:         uint256 interest,
77:         uint256 loanToCollateral,
78:         uint256 duration
79:     ) external returns (uint256 reqID) {
80:         reqID = requests.length;
81:         factory.newEvent(reqID, CoolerFactory.Events.Request);
82:         requests.push(
83:             Request(amount, interest, loanToCollateral, duration, true)
84:         );
85:         collateral.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), collateralFor(amount, loanToCollateral)); 
86:     }
```

The attacker can just call request with `amount = 0` and `loanToCollateral = 1`. This will always result in `collateralFor(amount, loanToCollateral) = 0` and so the attacker can grow the length of `requests` and doesn't need any tokens for the transferFrom function and can DOS the system without any capital.

```solidity
File: src/Cooler.sol
253:     function collateralFor(uint256 amount, uint256 loanToCollateral) public pure returns (uint256) {
254:         return amount * decimals / loanToCollateral;
255:     }
```
=> **0 * 1e18 / 1 = 0**

## Impact
An attacker can DOS the protocol with unwanted events, depending on the chain it can be pretty cheap for him to DOS the protocol.

Raising it as high, because there is no way for the protocol to "blacklist" the attacker as he can just use every official Cooler to flood the events and also the attacker can just start growing the requests variable for every Cooler and so the front-end will be a mess with hundrets of valid 0 requests per Cooler.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/ohmzeus/Cooler/blob/main/src/Factory.sol#L43
https://github.com/ohmzeus/Cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L74-L86
https://github.com/ohmzeus/Cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L236-L238

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement an amount check in the `Cooler.request` function to prevent requesting valid Request with 0 amount.

Also consider adding `indexed` fields in the Events for better off-chain queries.