neumo

medium

# Lender can steal collateral from borrower

## Summary
When the debt token used in a Cooler does not revert on failure, a malicious lender could clear a loan without effectively transfering the debt tokens to the borrower, and then wait for the expiry of the loan to call `defaulted` and get the free collateral.

## Vulnerability Detail
There are ERC20 tokens that, instead of reverting when something goes wrong, return false, giving control to the calling contract to handle the error. If the return value of a `transfer` or `transferFrom` of one of these tokens is not checked, the transfer could have failed but the execution continues. This is what happens in the `clear` function of the `Cooler` contract:
```solidity
...
179: 	debt.transferFrom(msg.sender, owner, req.amount);
180: }
...
```

If the debt token of a Cooler is one of these ERC20 tokens, after the Borrower requests a loan, a malicious lender can clear it without transfering the loan to the borrower. Then he just would have to wait for the loan to default to get the collateral for free. The only alternative would be that the borrower repays the loan which, in case the borrower is smart enough, could be made without transferring any debt token, recovering the collateral pledged.

## Impact
Medium impact, because the borrower has a chance to recover his collateral.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L162-L180

## Tool used
Manual review


## Recommendation
Use a library like `SafeERC20` to revert if the return of transfers is false.
