gjaldon

medium

# gjaldon - Loan can be rolled over for no additional collateral

gjaldon

medium

## Summary

Cooler owner `request`s a loan and a lender `clear`s the request which sends the debt tokens to the owner. The owner then calls `roll` for that particular loan even when they have 0 collateral tokens. The `roll` transaction succeeds even when no additional collateral was transferred to the lender.

## Vulnerability Detail
1. Cooler contract is deployed by the owner with a collateral token that does not revert on transfer failure.
2. Cooler owner `request`s a loan and has their collateral tokens transferred to the Cooler contract.
3. A lender `clear`s the loan request which sends the debt tokens to the owner/borrower.
4. Later on when the loan is about to expire, owner calls `roll` even though he has 0 collateral tokens. This transaction succeeds since the collateral token does not revert on transfer failure. The loan has been rolled over for free.

## Impact
The `roll` function essentially becomes useless in this case and all lenders will have to disable their loans from being rollable. Otherwise, their debt tokens will be stuck for an extended period for no additional interest. This isn't the intended function of `roll`.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L146

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use OpenZeppelin's SafeERC20 library and use safeTransferFrom and safeTransfer instead of transfer and transferFrom.