enckrish

high

# Non-reverting tokens may cause stealing of owner/lender funds

## Summary
Tokens that do not revert on `transfer`/`transferFrom` may allow owner/lenders to steal tokens from the other party.

## Vulnerability Detail
Many tokens, like ZRX, silently return `false` instead of reverting when the `transferFrom`/`transfer` call fails. The `Cooler` contract relies heavily on these methods but does not check the return value, thus being vulnerable to this issue.

## Impact
The major impacts of this issue:
1. If the `collateral` token is non-reverting:
a. Owner can add `Request`s without depositing collateral, creating a potential lack of funds when the contract tries to pay the defaulted loan's lender.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L85
b. `roll` loans without depositing the excess collateral.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L146
2. If the `debt` token is non-reverting:
a. Owner can steal all funds obtained as a loan, plus the collateral deposited, using the `repay` method.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L122
b. Lender can steal collateral by not paying the `debt` tokens to the owner while calling `clear`.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L179

In all these cases, the attacker just has to grant the Cooler contract insufficient allowance for the to-be `transferFrom`-ed tokens.
## Code Snippet
Filename: src/Cooler.sol
```solidity
85:        collateral.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), collateralFor(amount, loanToCollateral));
```
```solidity
102:        collateral.transfer(owner, collateralFor(req.amount, req.loanToCollateral));
```
```solidity
122:        debt.transferFrom(msg.sender, loan.lender, repaid);
123:        collateral.transfer(owner, collateralized);
```
```solidity
146:        collateral.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), newCollateral);
```
```solidity
179:        debt.transferFrom(msg.sender, owner, req.amount);
```
```solidity
205:        collateral.transfer(loan.lender, loan.collateral);
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use `safeTransfer`/`safeTransferFrom` from solmate/SafeTransferLib or Openzeppelin's SafeERC20.