zaskoh

medium

# Not checking for loan.lender != msg.sender in repay function

## Summary
Missing check `msg.sender != loan.lender` in `Cooler.repay` can lead to lost of funds for lender. If lender sending a transaction to that function he will loose his lended amount.

## Vulnerability Detail

1. Attacker opens a request via `Cooler.request`
2. Victim accepts the offer via `Cooler.clear`
3. Before calling clear, victim approves unlimited `debt` tokens to be spent from Cooler.
4. Attacker get Victim to sign the repay function with repaid = loan.amount
5. Cooler will transfer the debt token to the lender as `msg.sender == loan.lender`
6. `collateral` will be transfered back to attacker

As the max approval in the beginning is "normal", the victim will not get any information when signing the repay transaction as it will look all normal.

```solidity
File: src/Cooler.sol
122:         debt.transferFrom(msg.sender, loan.lender, repaid);
```

## Impact
Lender will loose all his lending amount to the attacker.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/ohmzeus/Cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L122

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
As there is no reason why the lender should ever call the repay function for the borrower you should implement a require to check that msg.sender is not lender.

Example
```solidity
function repay (uint256 loanID, uint256 repaid) external {
        Loan storage loan = loans[loanID];

        if(loan.lender == msg.sender) {
            revert NoRepayFromLender();
        }
```

Possible attack vectors for point 4 are for example an infected protocol frontend or in general any phising attack. Depending on the open positions and the popularity of the protocol the attack gets more and more attractive for an attacker as the missing "approval" for token spending is not needed to get the funds from the victim.