dic0de

high

# Loan Repayment is not permitted once the loan has expired.

## Summary
The `Cooler` contract limits loan repayment to only when the loan has not expired as seen here: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L111. As a result, if a loan has expired but it has not been defaulted such that this `defaulted ()` function has not been called https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L198-L208 then the loan cannot still be repaid. 

In my own opinion, it works against the intention of the protocol if a user is unable to repay their loan at any time, especially when the loan has not been defaulted such that it has been deleted in the contract. Consider the following scenario:
1. Josh takes a loan that expires on day X. 
2. On day x+ 1 Josh still wants to pay the loan and the loan has not been defaulted such this `defaulted ()` function has not been called to delete the loan as seen here: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L198-L208
3. Josh is unable to repay this loan even though, he had the ability and the loan was not yet deleted. 
4. With this, until the loan is deleted by calling the `defaulted ()` function past the loan expiry no one can do anything even the borrower is able to repay the loan. 

The protocol should consider allowing borrowers to repay their loan when no one has called the  `defaulted ()` function hence the loan is not yet deleted.

Therefore the protocol instead of running this check `if (block.timestamp > loan.expiry)` in the `repay ()` function, it should simply check `if (loan.amount > 0)` to ascertain the loan has not been deleted. 
## Vulnerability Detail
The `repay` function limits users to only repay the loan when the loan payment has not expired through this line https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L111

There are scenarios where the loan has not been deleted by calling the `defaulted ()` function although the loan is expired as seen here: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L198-L208. 

Therefore, the period between `loan.expiry` and the `defaulted ()` function being called, the user has a chance to still repay their loan but they cannot. It does not serve the project by disabling the ability of repaying the loan at any time. Therefore, the protocol can consider instead of limiting loan repayment to loan expiry to allow users to still repay their loans whenever the loan is not deleted and they have the ability to repay the loan. 
## Impact
Loan repayment is impossible even though the `defaulted ()` function has not been called therefore deleting the loan. 
## Code Snippet
1. https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L111.
2. https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L198-L208 
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider implementing the `repay ()` function as follows: 
```solidity
function repay (uint256 loanID, uint256 repaid) external {
        Loan storage loan = loans[loanID];

        if (loan.amount == 0) 
            revert Default();
        
        uint256 decollateralized = loan.collateral * repaid / loan.amount;

        if (repaid == loan.amount) delete loans[loanID];
        else {
            loan.amount -= repaid;
            loan.collateral -= decollateralized;
        }

        debt.transferFrom(msg.sender, loan.lender, repaid);
        collateral.transfer(owner, decollateralized);
    }
```

