gasperpre

medium

# Cooler.sol is vulnerable to blockchain reorganizations

## Summary
Functions in `Cooler.sol` accept request ID or loan ID to determine on which loan/request to execute an operation. But the IDs depend solely on the order of transactions. This makes the functions vulnerable to blockchain reorganization.

## Vulnerability Detail
Blockchain reorganization occurs when a block is deleted from the blockchain to make room for a longer chain. This means that a transaction that was included in the block that was replaced, might not be included in the new blocks. You can learn more about reorgs here: https://medium.com/blockvigil/how-we-deal-with-chain-reorganization-at-ethvigil-5a8c06859c7
In the case of this contract, if blockchain reorg occurs, in the new chain, the IDs might not belong to the same requests/loans as before.

So you can imagine the following scenario:
1. User A calls `Cooler.request()` and creates a request with ID 1.
2. User B also calls `Cooler.request()` and creates a request with ID 2.
3. Lender likes the request 1, and calls `Cooler.clear(1)` to fill it.
4. A blockchain reorg happens and in the new chain User A and User B transactions are switched, so now As request has ID 2, and Bs has ID 1.
5. Lender just filled the User Bs request, although he wanted to fill As
User Bs request might be totally different and harmful to the lender.

## Impact
Blockchain reorganization can cause a lender to clear a loan request that not fit him, or even hurt him financially if the request has very low `loanToCollateral` and `interest`, but high `amount` and `duration`. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L20
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L74
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L162

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add additional parameters to functions in `Cooler.sol` to check that for example the `request` being cleared is the right one, or use a mapping instead of an array to store requests and loans and use a hash of request/loan instead of a number for ID.