peanuts

high

# Cooler.interestFor() requires specific parameters to calculate interest

## Summary

Protocol needs specific parameters to calculate interest. Otherwise, interest will be zero.

## Vulnerability Detail

The function interestFor() calculates interest rates as such: 

```solidity
    function interestFor(uint256 amount, uint256 rate, uint256 duration) public pure returns (uint256) {
        uint256 interest = rate * duration / 365 days;
        return amount * interest / decimals;
    }
```

In the first line, interest is calculated as rate * duration / 365 days. 365 days equals 31,536,000 seconds. If rate * duration is less than 31,536,000, then the interest will truncate to zero. The cascading amount that is returned from interestFor will therefore also be zero. For example, if a user wants to borrow $10,000 USDC with a 10% interest rate payable back in 1 hour, it seems extremely enticing for lenders to jump on this transaction. However, 10% annualized interest * 1 hour is 3650 * 3600 = 13,140,000 which is less than 31,536,000. 13,140,000 / 31,536,000 will therefore be 0. Interest rates will be zero.

Otherwise, if the number is low enough, the interest rate will truncate to 0,1,2 instead of the exact numbers. 

10% annualized interest * 3 hours is 39,420,000, divided by 365 days, is 1.25, which will be rounded down to 1. Interest rate will not be calculated correctly.

## Impact

Interest rates will not be calculated correctly because of truncation.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/ohmzeus/Cooler/blob/a08697c0cbb6e5cbaf0a534a66c6d88e277db207/src/Cooler.sol#L245-L248

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add some decimals first to make sure that the interest is as accurate as possible before subtracting the decimals away.
