HollaDieWaldfee

medium

# Cooler: roll function should set `loan.rollable` to `false` when called

## Summary
The `Cooler.roll` function allows the borrower of a loan to extend the loan for another duration.
By doing this the debt is increased and the borrower must provide additional collateral.

The issue with this is that the borrower can extend the loan for as many durations as he wants.
The `rollable` attribute is not set to `false` when the function is called.

## Vulnerability Detail
The lender might grant the borrower a loan with a 3% interest rate which can be a reasonable interest rate for a loan with a duration of one year.
However the borrower can roll the loan for as many durations as he wants.

This is a problem since the economic incentives are such that longer loan durations should require the borrower to pay higher interest rates. This is because the lender loses access to his money for a longer period of time and the longer the duration the higher the risk of default.

The borrower should not have to pay only 3% interest per year for a loan with duration of say 10 years. The interest rate should be a lot higher.

## Impact
So the borrower can extend a loan which is meant for a short duration for as long as he wants with the low interest rates that are only sensible for the shorter duration.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L129-L147

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
The `Cooler.roll` function should set `rollable` to `false` such that the borrower can only extend the loan for one additional period. If he wants to extend the loan for longer, the lender must consent to this again.

Fix:

```diff
diff --git a/src/Cooler.sol b/src/Cooler.sol
index 92158d3..2e97f43 100644
--- a/src/Cooler.sol
+++ b/src/Cooler.sol
@@ -142,6 +142,7 @@ contract Cooler {
         loan.amount += newDebt;
         loan.expiry += req.duration;
         loan.collateral += newCollateral;
+        loan.rollable = false;
         
         collateral.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), newCollateral);
     }
```