yixxas

high

# Lender cannot choose the exact amount of `duration` they allow Borrower to extend the loan by

## Summary
Rolling of a loan happens in multiples of `req.duration`. Lender can allow or disallow Borrower to roll their loan by calling `toggleRoll()` but they cannot control the amount of `duration` in which Borrower can roll it by.

## Vulnerability Detail
The issue here is due to how there is no limits to the number of times `roll()` can be called. Each call to it will increase the expiry of the loan by a 100% of the original loan duration. Borrower can extend it perpetually for as long as they have the required collateral to pay the additional increase in in `amount` due to interest.

Lender may want to allow Borrower to extend loan duration only up to some number of weeks/months but does not have an option to do so.

## Impact
Lender may for example originally agree with Borrower to enter a loan agreement of `1 years`. Borrower is unable to pay back within this timespan and request for Lender to extend it by another year. However, Lender has to trust that Borrower only `roll()` for a year and not many times more than that. This puts Lender at a severe disadvantage in this P2P protocol.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L129

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended that we change the implementation of `roll()`. `roll()` should only be callable once by Borrower but Borrower can choose the duration in which they want to extend it by, up to a maximum amount allowed by Lender when permission to `roll()` is granted.

If Borrower wants to extend the duration again, they can make another request to Lender. Logic for this can be handled in `toggleRoll()`.
