ali_shehab

high

# Expanding expiry time with 0 collateral

## Summary

There is no restriction on how much a user should set his interest so it can be 0 or 100%. If the user set his interest 0. For example, he offered 52 USDC as collateral for 50 USDT but with an interest of 0 for 1 day. There is a high probability that it would be cleared as a lender will get 52 USDC if the user failed to send the USDT.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a user calls the roll they have to add more collateral, however here is the problem. If the interest is 0. Then loan.amount will be equal to req.amount. So the function: collateralFor(loan.amount,req.loanToCollateral) will be equal to collateralFor(req.amount,req.loanToCollateral) . 
In the roll function, the new collateral is calculated as follows:
```solidity
uint256 newCollateral = collateralFor(loan.amount, req.loanToCollateral) - loan.collateral;
```
In the clear the loan.collateral is calculated as follows:
```solidity
uint256 collat = collateralFor(req.amount, req.loanToCollateral);
```
So collat will be equal to collateralFor(loan.amount, req.loanToCollateral) which results that newCollateral = 0. Interest will be 0, so only the expiry data will be expanded.

## Impact

Able to expand from time to year before the user notice and make rolls off.
Scenario:
1. User A add collateral 100 USDC for  50 USDT for 10 days with 0%
2. User B cleared the request as he may get double if the user failed to give back 50 USDT.
3. User A call the roll 100 times since he is adding 0 collateral.
4. Now the expiry data is after 1000 days, even if the lender decided to make the roll off he must wait 1000 days, without getting no more collateral.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L177
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L139
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
1. A new way to calculate newCollat in the roll function.
2. Prevent 0% interset.
3. The lender should approve the roll.
4. The roll should be turned off by default.