HonorLt

high

# Unlimited rolls

## Summary
When the loan is rollable, the borrower has an unfair advantage to extend the loan unlimited times.

## Vulnerability Detail
When the ```rollable``` status is set to true, the borrower can roll a loan over with the same terms. There is no opportunity for the lender to allow to roll the loan only once. When the ```rollable``` is true, the borrowers can extend the loan as many times as they want.

## Impact

The protocol has no liquidations. To roll the loan over, the borrower only has to pay the interest and then enjoy the loan for an extended duration. When the amounts are reasonable, the borrower can take advantage to extend the loan duration very far in the future (e.g. 5 years). During that long period, it is reasonable to expect that the collateral/debt ratio and prices could change drastically, giving an unfair opportunity for the borrower to decide when to repay the loan or abandon the collateral.

There is no opportunity for the lenders to stop the loan or limit the number of rollable refreshes.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-01-cooler/blob/main/src/Cooler.sol#L126-L147

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
There are several possible mitigation paths. One is to prevent more than one active roll, that is a borrower should only re-roll when the last roll is ending, not anytime. Another possible solution is to change ```rollable``` from boolean to unit and allow the lender to specify the exact number of possible rollovers.
